hello so our subject was content routing
and lit p2p and our poster is titled a
Salmons trek the metaphor here being
like salmon swimming upstream there are
fewer and fewer of them much like you
looking for your content with fewer
peers don't think about it too much to
echo my fellow presenter you start
reading this poster from the bottom you
are a salmon you have a routing table
which you got by asking a gateway for a
random list of peers you could be trying
to do one of two things you could be
trying to insert a piece of content you
could also be trying to find a piece of
content half B works because you took
path a earlier so your next step you
have a Content ID which is a sha-256
hash of your content of your Content ID
and then you're gonna look within your
own routing table for peers that are
close to your content close here meaning
not in terms of distance but close
meaning that their peer ID ex-ored with
your Content ID is close to zero you're
going to find a set of peers called
alpha so you're gonna take your alpha
closest peers they're really happy and
you're gonna ask them all for a list of
their closest peers to the content that
you're looking for then you take all
these lists and you compare them and
you're looking for a quorum amongst the
lists about the single peer that is the
closest to the content you're looking
for and the reason you're looking
amongst these lists and comparing them
to find quorum is to prevent an attack
where a malicious actor has filled up
their routing table and is lying about
having the closest peer so we reached
the top of our poster you have your
closest peer surrounded here by a halo
and you ask them if they have your
content you will get one of two answers
no they don't have your content your
content might not exist this lookup
failed or yes success and they're gonna
give you a pointer to your content not
your actual content and this might be a
list of places where your content was
once stored we spent a lot of time
asking this doesn't seem like a lot of
lookups is two hops enough yes two hops
is enough
[Applause]